So how do we use Jason load to read or list back into memory.
Well as you can see here I've created a new file called Jason download and I just change the title to
working with Jason download.
So what we do.
Well again the first thing we need to do is import Jason.
OK.
Now the file name again so we're creating a variable equals.
I'm always a fun name from The Last Lecture phone number
Jason.
OK.
And with open pass or variable file name or just reading this.
There's no need to put in an attribute file name as File object
colon phone numbers.
Equals Jason dot load.
I to be loading what we're loading the file object variable.
Then print phone numbers or printer or file.
Print out the contents of a file that we've just created and now load it back into memory that's run
this.
There we go.
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0.
So we've just seen how to create a file that saves user input and then have to load that file back into
memory and output that back to the user.
So here just a quick recap we make sure to read from the same file for name phone number.
Then we open the file in read only mode and because we pass no attribute here such as W A or or it automatically
opens in read only mode we don't use the adjacent download function here to load the information stored
in our file and we store it in the variable phone numbers.
And then here we print phone numbers so not too complicated but very very helpful.
And an excellent program to know.
So thanks for listening and I see you in the next lecture.